Hello hi friends welcome to my channel
Stop Rider Soft Stock animated video
and today we will talk
about ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited stock, the number of tweets has
shifted from 1295 to
1816 delivery quantity 2 lakh 38
thousand 195 delivery percentage 108 about some news
system, ICICI Lombard
subscribe has
an app for its customers, through that you can start cashless service, you can
use it
and this second use
subscribe stock gives 70% side, so this is a
good news, subscribe to this channel,
he told his detailed recipe, if the
GDP growth is good, then this
stock can show you 70% growth within a year,
current time money,
so this is also good news, you can get this news on
Economic Times of India Times.com
website, on the market, there is a
debt of 17600 45 crores,
present a zero share of 275 crores, we will talk about holding pattern,
then motors  Of 31.8,
this has decreased FIR of 208 7.73 this has also
decreased Device's 11.9 6154 this is nominally low
Public Retailer 7.08
32.68 this is big This stock is for birthday
shot and so you can also see this BP
shot in BP shot rs.50 21 and this is
in the chart for making pomegranate chaat 4714 There is
asahi glass in the chart and
snake pattern is made in every chart, make this and
see it in the chart, see it in 1BHK chart
and see ODI cricket, this totka
makes a high of 1675 after that it makes a
low around 1405 so every time it is making a low
around 1405
you can see the previous history of this well
about this topic so those who are difficult for the top
every moment, you
can gradually measure the stock on Karna Market also, it
gets a little below and you can add more
but those who are long-term  Are you
looking at fresh soil in stocks or
looking at this topic for printed,
you can talk a little below, short term, which will be
around 1508, 1540 and 1571, but as per the news of Elite, there is
also news that the stock can give you good returns in one year, it can
definitely give,
because these are stocks of the insurance sector, due to this there
is still a lot of tension in the insurance sector, I have
told you many times in my previous videos,
whatever are the good stocks of the insurance sector, you should keep
looking at them, keep doing every dip brother, they will
give you good returns, you can
add Superintendents of this stock to your watch,
you can write your details, you want to like it or
not, my video
is only for educational purpose, my video is
not about any stock,
so friends, this is about this topic, friends, thank
you so much
[Music]